# C.C. Last Hope // 8.17.4269u
Following the raid on Arcados 3 (0400), The 'Thunder Skulls' were able to liberate a number of blueprints and materials from Landmark Planetary Shipping that were set to ship out to Union space at 0700. By our accounts, this should be enough to outfit four new strike teams with GMS hardware, with enough left over to maintain repairs for our response teams. Hopefully this new batch of recruits will be up to snuff.

----

# C.C. Last Hope // 9.04.4269u
The transport ship dropped off a fresh load of recruits; 85 of them to be precise. They've been scanned and ID'd through Union records, and those that passed are currently being debriefed by General Clovermane. Blinkspace has 3 new permanent residents floating in the empty, but the rest of them are rather run-of-the-mill. Criminals, Traders, Mercernaries and Backwater civillians. Among them though was one of those Union prisoners from the battle during Hyrcenia's liberation from the Union. Seems like he finally convinced the Brig staff to let him show them his allegience to our cause or something. I'm intrigued to see how he performs.

----

# C.C. Last Hope // 9.05.4269u
Most of yesterdays recruits have been cleared for our ground infantry. A handful of them turned out to be competant demolitionists (namely the seedier folk) and a dozen or so marksmen, the rest have all gotten a grunt's loadout. 22 of them, however, showed aptitude for my advanced training course, including that Union defector. We may just have our four new Lancer teams.

----

# C.C. Last Hope // 9.05.4296u
Advanced training was a wild success, aside from a few minor mishaps. 12 of them passed with flying colors, 5 more managed to skate through mostly unscathed, however the fifth team's training course malfunctioned, permanently casketing them. They've been extracted into NHPs and may be able to act as remote combat units, should the procedure go well. One pilot of their team managed to disengage his systems before the malfunction, and he shall be reassigned accordingly. I expect the other teams will integrate them into their fold well. 
